<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        it's a language that computers and programmers read.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
         building the content of a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        an attribute is like extra data for the element to use. EX:
        <h1 attr="info"> code code </h1>
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        it's the main header and should only be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor tag and an image tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        title of the page and any other metadata that the computer needs to know
    7. What is an id? 
        a type of css selector
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        just once
    10. What is a class? 
        a type of css selector
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many times as we want as long as we're paying attention to the class name.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        <a href="www.linkhere.com" target"_blank"> www.linkhere.com </a>
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        it describes an image in case someone can't see it on their browser
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id-name {
            code;
        }
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a div is a very general container and a section will be more specific but inherently they are the same.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        stylizing a web page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 { 
            code;
         }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        id's are more specific than classes. You'd use a class to style multiple elements on the page, and id when only that element is getting that style.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
         we select classes with a '.'
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p .human {
            code;
        }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        it selects elements with a specfic parent. it's useful when we only want a selector to style the child of the parent and not all the other stuff that may be imbedded in the code further down.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div a .sidebar{
            code;
        }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        something we add to a selector to specify a special state of the selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border: 1px, dotted, black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        * {
            code;
        }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        you use 'rm' and we have to be careful because it's a permanent delete.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        keeps track of every change made and allows developers to turn back the clock and look at older versions of the code
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        relatively regularly. after writing a chunk of code that we know works well.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork it, add your collaborators, clone it, create your own branch, work it, push it back up to github, open a pull request, add your tl to the reviewers and then submit your pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 